Key,Source,Context,English
bookSkillPointsAdmin1JT,items,Item,Mod,1 Skill Point Book
bookSkillPointsDesc,items,Item,Mod,"This book is packed with knowledge. Reading it will give you a skill point to spend as you choose."
bookExperienceDesc,items,Item,Mod,"This book is packed with knowledge. Reading it will give you experience."
bookSkillPointsAdmin2JT,items,Item,2 Skill Point Book
bookSkillPointsAdmin5JT,items,Item,5 Skill Point Book
bookSkillPointsAdmin10JT,items,Item,10 Skill Point Book
bookSkillPointsAdmin15JT,items,Item,15 Skill Point Book
bookSkillPointsAdmin25JT,items,Item,25 Skill Point Book
bookSkillPointsAdmin50JT,items,Item,50 Skill Point Book

bookExperienceAdmin500JT,items,Item,500 Experience Book
bookExperienceAdmin1000JT,items,Item,1000 Experience Book
bookExperienceAdmin2000JT,items,Item,2000 Experience Book
bookExperienceAdmin5000JT,items,Item,5000 Experience Book
bookExperienceAdmin10000JT,items,Item,10000 Experience Book
bookExperienceAdmin50000JT,items,Item,50000 Experience Book
bookExperienceAdmin500000JT,items,Item,500000 Experience Book

skill_SkillBook1,Quest,Challenge Info,1 Skill Point
skill_SkillBook1_offer,Quest,Challenge Info,Gain 1 Skill Point.
skill_SkillBook1_subtitle,Quest,Challenge Info,You have gained 1 Skill Point.

skill_SkillBook2,Quest,Challenge Info,2 Skill Points
skill_SkillBook2_offer,Quest,Challenge Info,Gain 2 Skill Points.
skill_SkillBook2_subtitle,Quest,Challenge Info,You have gained 2 Skill Points.

skill_SkillBook5,Quest,Challenge Info,5 Skill Points
skill_SkillBook5_offer,Quest,Challenge Info,Gain 4 Skill Points.
skill_SkillBook5_subtitle,Quest,Challenge Info,You have gained 5 Skill Points.

skill_SkillBook10,Quest,Challenge Info,10 Skill Points
skill_SkillBook10_offer,Quest,Challenge Info,Gain 10 Skill Points.
skill_SkillBook10_subtitle,Quest,Challenge Info,You have gained 10 Skill Points.

skill_SkillBook15,Quest,Challenge Info,15 Skill Points
skill_SkillBook15_offer,Quest,Challenge Info,Gain 15 Skill Points.
skill_SkillBook15_subtitle,Quest,Challenge Info,You have gained 15 Skill Points.

skill_SkillBook25,Quest,Challenge Info,15 Skill Points
skill_SkillBook25_offer,Quest,Challenge Info,Gain 15 Skill Points.
skill_SkillBook25_subtitle,Quest,Challenge Info,You have gained 15 Skill Points.

skill_SkillBook50,Quest,Challenge Info,15 Skill Points
skill_SkillBook50_offer,Quest,Challenge Info,Gain 15 Skill Points.
skill_SkillBook50_subtitle,Quest,Challenge Info,You have gained 15 Skill Points.

skill_ExpBook500,Quest,Challenge Info,500 Experience
skill_ExpBook500_offer,Quest,Challenge Info,Gain 500 Experience.
skill_ExpBook500_subtitle,Quest,Challenge Info,You have gained 500 Experience.

skill_ExpBook1000,Quest,Challenge Info,1000 Experience
skill_ExpBook1000_offer,Quest,Challenge Info,Gain 1000 Experience.
skill_ExpBook1000_subtitle,Quest,Challenge Info,You have gained 1000 Experience.

skill_ExpBook2000,Quest,Challenge Info,2000 Experience
skill_ExpBook2000_offer,Quest,Challenge Info,Gain 2000 Experience.
skill_ExpBook2000_subtitle,Quest,Challenge Info,You have gained 2000 Experience.

skill_ExpBook5000,Quest,Challenge Info,5000 Experience
skill_ExpBook5000_offer,Quest,Challenge Info,Gain 5000 Experience.
skill_ExpBook5000_subtitle,Quest,Challenge Info,You have gained 5000 Experience.

skill_ExpBook10000,Quest,Challenge Info,10000 Experience
skill_ExpBook10000_offer,Quest,Challenge Info,Gain 10000 Experience.
skill_ExpBook10000_subtitle,Quest,Challenge Info,You have gained 10000 Experience.

skill_ExpBook50000,Quest,Challenge Info,50000 Experience
skill_ExpBook50000_offer,Quest,Challenge Info,Gain 50000 Experience.
skill_ExpBook50000_subtitle,Quest,Challenge Info,You have gained 50000 Experience.

skill_ExpBook500000,Quest,Challenge Info,500000 Experience
skill_ExpBook500000_offer,Quest,Challenge Info,Gain 500000 Experience.
skill_ExpBook500000_subtitle,Quest,Challenge Info,You have gained 500000 Experience.



